now you probably think that Guinness
World Records they're something only a
chosen few can do but what if I told you
that there are records you can break at
literally any moment without leaving
your home on top of that some of them
don't need any specialized training are
you ready to challenge yourself number
one
bang that Cup it seems that a cup
percussion ensemble is a pretty
fantastic thing such a performance in
Gion China
earned a Guinness world record on May
21st 2017 2398 people gathered together
and perform the song pursuing it's a
song by the record holder duty on Lu who
wrote it
and sang later during their performance
which lasted six minutes and five
seconds this sounds pretty astounding
but if you have enough enthusiastic
friends you can try to break this world
record number two the longest human
Domino in 2010 the citizens and students
of Ordo City China created the longest
human Domino line it was four point four
seven miles long and consisted of ten
thousand two hundred sixty-seven people
it's hard to believe but the
participants spent 69 minutes and 43
seconds completing this unusual Domino
line you probably won't be able to
repeat this particular world record at
home but if you have a sizable backyard
why not try number three pee blowing no
it's not what you think
have you ever entertained yourself by
blowing peas
you know the vegetables then you have a
chance of breaking the record of Kobe
cotton from the US he managed to blow a
p20 six and one quarter feet this
amazing event took place on February
13th 2018 the secret here is to have
powerful lungs and be lucky enough to
find a perfectly spherical pee if you've
succeeded in both of these things Hey
go for a new world record number four
clip your face Silvio Saba from Italy
said a curious sin probably pretty
painful world record on December 27th
2012 on this day he clipped 51 close
pegs to his face it took him just one
minute do you have a high pain tolerance
and a lot of clothes pegs then chances
are high you'll break this record
without any problems
number 5 kick it off so vanish Shaun
Milan from Waterloo Canada became a
famous record holder after she kicked 59
items off people's heads in one minute
in 2016
since then nobody has been able to break
her record do you think you could be the
one to do this then you should know that
Silvana has been practicing martial arts
for 19 years before she set the world
record in fact she attempted to do this
kick off thing to test her skills and
obviously she passed the trial with
flying colors ain't that a kick in the
head
number 6 tennis balls record if you know
how to keep your balance and you're on
friendly terms with tennis balls you can
try to break another record of silvio
saba the guy I've already mentioned who
has lots of time on his hands apparently
the Italian managed to hold a whopping
26 tennis balls in just one hand how did
all of them even fit there do you think
you can do better go ahead and try it
out number 7
sticky business in 2017 LG Electronics
India Private Limited set a sticky world
record the employees of the company made
the longest line of sticky notes in one
line
there were 114 thousand seven hundred
forty one pieces collected from all over
India the length of the line was five
point one eight miles
well this activity might make a nice
relaxing hobby still did they do this on
company time
just asking number eight arrange your
alphabet soup you probably wouldn't
argue that the most exciting part of
eating alphabet soup is making words
from the letters you find inside the
King
but you can also use these letters to
break a delicious record if you can
alphabetize the letters in your soup in
less than three minutes and 21 seconds
which is the current world record you'll
get all the fame so don't forget to
spell the winner after you do this
number 9 tape me to the wall what's the
fastest you can tape your colleague to a
wall seriously you've never tried this
as for ashrita Furman from the USA he
does it regularly
he has already set six World Records the
most recent one took place in 2015 when
he spent just 26.69 seconds taping his
partner to a wall so if your sibling is
particularly annoying you can kill two
birds with one stone calm yourself down
and practice breaking this world record
number 10 let's go for a moonwalk if you
have a lot of space at hand and some
moonwalking skills you have everything
you need to beat the next world record
the longest distance a person moonwalked
in an hour is 3.5 for miles this event
took place at a stadium in zagreb
crooner sloth buddha's solid did 12 laps
of 1492 0.78 feet each and one shorter
lap of 780 7.4 feet you might be able to
do better but the thing is that the
champion moon Walker covered this
distance in just one hour number 11 the
longest shoe line what could be easier
than lining up shoes from heel to toe
well what if you had 10513 sneakers to
organize into a line National Geographic
Kids magazine took up this challenge in
2008 and they managed to create the
longest shoe line in the world it
stretched for 1.65 miles after that the
magazine donated all the shoes to
charity as this idea caught your eye
then it's time to start collecting old
sneakers and looking for a suitable
location to line them up number 12
an egg cracker now let's admit that
cracking eggs needs some skill because
really who wants to find a piece of
eggshell in their omelet but all this
egg business isn't only about enjoying a
tasty breakfast if you can crack eggs
carefully and quickly you can set a new
world record breaking the one from 2011
back then Ross mccurdy from the US
cracked 32 eggs with one hand so far
this has been the largest number of eggs
cracked within one minute if you're a
professional at making fried eggs you
can take up this challenge but remember
that there can't be a single piece of
shell in the bowl otherwise you get
disqualified number 13 TV marathon oh if
you can watch TV for hours on end you're
in for a treat you can become famous
while doing what you love most of all on
the other hand it might not be so easy
after all the current world record for
the longest TV watching marathon is 87
hours that's more than three days in a
row well if you've decided that you're
ready for this challenge make sure you
don't sit in front of the TV all the
time
your blood needs to be moving so you
should stand up and do some physical
exercise every now and then number 14
the fastest window cleaner do you want
your windows to be always clean then
start training to break the world record
for the quickest window cleaning the
current record is pretty impressive
three office windows in just 9.14
seconds nobody has been able to achieve
better results since 2009 you don't need
any special equipment to practice this
skill and the number of attempts is
unlimited
the worst that can happen is that your
neighbors will start to envy your
spotless windows so why not give it a
try quench your thirst the fastest time
recorded for a person drinking 16.9
ounces of water was 1.75 seconds who
would have thought it happened in London
during the XFM breakfast show in 2014
admittedly this was still water because
it takes significantly more time to gulp
down sparkling water if you decide to
break this record keep in mind that
speed drinking is very dangerous trained
for your personal drinking record only
in the presence of people who can help
you in case of an emergency and as they
say pass the teeth and over the gums
look out stomach here it comes number 16
shower rates just how much time do you
spend in the shower the less the better
at least if you want to break the world
record for the shortest shower ever
taken the current record is 33 point one
eight seconds during this time you need
to soap and rinse your body and wash and
rinse your hair oh and you should
simultaneously keep your balance and
avoid slipping also who's gonna be in
there with you with the stopwatch mmm
something to think about now which world
record do you have the highest chance of
breaking right now just this morning I
just set my own personal best record for
continuous days of waking up without
stopping hope I break that tomorrow so
write about your goal in the comment
section below
remember to hit the like button share
this video with your friends and press
subscribe to move to the bright side of
life
bye
[Music]